Tutorial-style documentation is in the form of a compressed PostScript
file Docs/tutorial.ps.Z

UNIX INSTALLATION:
To install FeynDiagram on Unix, edit the makefile to change options
for your particular system, then do:
   make
This will produce the library and manpage in this directory.  The manpage
contains information about where things will be put on your local
system when you do the install, and how to compile programs to use
FeynDiagram.  If you put things where the compiler doesn't find them
automatically, you ought to edit the manpage (feyndiagram.3) at this point.
To move everything to the right place, change permissions etc., do:
   make install
That should do it (you can do 'make clean' to remove .o files etc.).
(note: if you do 'make' without 'make install' it will produce a working
library etc., but when you run programs compiled with it, they will
be unable to find the prolog files since they haven't been copied to the
right place).

VMS INSTALLATION:
I have included a file called 'descrip.mss' which was written by Tony Kennedy.
It can be used if your machine has MMS (DEC's version of make).  To use
it, you must rename files ending in '.C' to end in '.CXX'.  Then, edit
'descrip.mss' and redefine the FD macro to point to the directory
you put the source into (the trailing ']' is not included in the name).

OTHER NON-UNIX INSTALLATION:
Compile default.C, fd.C, text2PS.C, and put them in a library.  To do this,
you will need to "#define PROLOGDIR" in fd.C to set PROLOGDIR to the full 
pathname for the directory which contains the prolog files (abbrev.ps, max.ps,
vertex.ps, arrow.ps, fill.ps, ellipse.ps, and text.ps).  PROLOGDIR
should include a trailing '/' or whatever is appropriate for your
computer.  For example, on Unix you might have:
  #define PROLOGDIR "/usr/local/lib/FeynDiagram/Prolog/"
Also, move default.h, fd.h, and text2PS.h to a subdirectory
of the normal location for include files called "FeynDiagram".  If your
compiler does not have the "osfcn.h" header file, you will need to
"#define NOOSFCN".

